Hello and welcome to here
my youtube channel to another
movie about the dji phantom 2 maybe
you are like us and you have too
here a 10 news gimbel with gopro on
phantom two attached and have it
found that in the last time
not so really all about and
clean because if you try the
gimbel lean back here with the
lever on the back of the
remote control then the run the
is not really clean but so
been a bit jerky
this is due to the firmware of the gable
that had a problem and this one
problem that has the mom meanwhile
eliminated and how to get one here now
new firmware on the gimbel gets that
I want to show you today
to keep the pictures up to date
you need a current one to bring
system software for the phantom 2 is
that the dod phantom two it is the
software in the version 1.0 eight that is
currently the latest version if I have
I know what they already have
shown several times in my videos
the site of ideas in the
area support here a there in the
area of thom 2 and then in the
download area and here it is
the system software and also the usb
driver usb driver install
Install software and
then you can use that
yes I start the times and if we the
then we are here and
have these individual riders in front of us and
Here we go now in this rider
upgrade purely
Now the software checks everything
is installed and on what software
The whole thing is like you see here
that the software also recognized the gimbel
once here has the cpu and once the
gimbel mio
and here we see that now
the firmware version is 1.6 and that it
a new version 1.8 are around now
we simply click behind
on the new fashion available
then a small opens
additional window and here we see
then what changes it from the
version 1.6 on version 1.8 there and
you see this is the one to that
interplay of the sky with the
remote control of the phantom two
it was exactly the point that I improved
also addressed in the moderation yes
To perform the update we click
then down here on upgrade then confirm
We will post the following message with yes
and then it will upgrade now
carried out
that takes a little moment so after
the upgrade is about a minute then
finally done and we get here
this note from great success power
cycle white so on and off
let's just do that
phantom off but also directly
then again and start the
software is again new and
then we go back to that
upgrade area and you see now
that here our gimbel him on the
version 1.8 was updated yes that was
it again from me if you mine
I liked the movie then
of course, a nice comment
Here below a positive review
recommend me further and subscribed with
should you have further questions to 10
- campbell to phantom two or too
other multi comes then
then look in my every case
forum over under www.topjob.de